From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
all weekly discussion with web
developer and technologists and Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number three 62. Recorded
live Thursday, March 7th, 2013. Support for
Hanselman it's is provided by
teller offering the best and
developer tools and support online@telerikdotcomandbyfranklins.net
training developers to work smarter
and now offering gesture pack
a powerful gesture, recording and
recognition system for Microsoft connect
for windows developers details' app
gesture, PA k.com. In this
episode, Scott talks with Miguel
DIA. Caza about making iOS,
Android windows, phone and windows
apps all using C-sharp. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes and we've got the
one and only Miguel DIA,
Casa. I'm doing fine. Thank
you very much. You, you
just launched something big and
it has a 2.0, which
means it's better than it
is better. Yeah, it is
much better. What have you
done that has the world
in a tizzy let's so
we actually followed some advice
from some friends of us
and they, and it was,
it was a cultural change
for us because we're used
to the open source development
mode where we deliver new
features on a weekly basis.
So every week you would
see an improvement and well,
that works. It's also, it's
also a bit distracting for,
for rolling out large changes
or rolling out, rolling out
a bunch of, of interesting
features together. So we've actually
been working in parallel for
almost a year on, on,
on many different things. One
of them was we introduced
support to visual studio for
iOS, for ideas development. So
developers now can use visuals
to do, to, to basically
maintain a single solution for
their, for iOS, Android, windows,
phone windows eight asp.net solutions.
So you can do everything
from a single, from a,
your favorite IDE. And, and
that actually took a lot
of, a lot of time
to make sure that we
got a good iOS and
Android experience. So that was
the first part of it.
The second one is that
for about a year, we've
been, I mean, since we
launched the company, we essentially
use the number of open
source tools that were created
originally by the community and
like many other open source
projects. Open source projects grow
organically. Features are added, features
are added without really much
architectural oversight and probably the
most common, you know, when
I have a very common
problem resolution thing that happens
in open sources, whenever there
are two opinions or two
ways of doing something, you
don't want to offend somebody.
So the way of resolving
conflict is instead of making
a decision, you add a
checkbox and you basically support
to, you know, two different
opinions. And if there's a
third opinion, you'll change the
checkbox the way you do
a do a combo box,
and now you have three
opinions or four opinions and
so on. So our previous
IDE had a lot of
this historical baggage of trying
to not upset somebody or
trying to support every possible
feature that people wanted. So
we went back to the
drawing board and we figured
if this is going to
be the ID that people
use, when, when they're using
a Mac or the ID
that they use, when they're
not using visual studio, they
need to have a much
better experience than this, then
this mess. So you're saying
that the, the design by
committee way of doing things
in the past was kind
of holding you guys back.
Yeah, definitely the user experience
was not great. Then you
have to code paths and
you have to test do
code paths. We have different
bugs that happen depending on
different combinations of features that
people chose. So we didn't
eliminate all the options, but
we eliminated the most, the
most obvious ones. And we
made it a lot simpler.
You know, when we looked
at, when we looked at
the IDE, one of the
things that that was there
in our ID was the
standard toolbar that everybody has.
And there's a great talk
from Jensen Harris, from Microsoft,
about how they rethought the
tool per for office. Now
office has its own set
of requirements, but when we
looked at our own IDE
and reflecting a little bit
on, on, on Jensen stock,
we had things like save
and close violin open file,
which it's very rare for
people to actually use the
toolbar, to do those things,
cut paste, cut paste, and
copy, or another set of
icons. That at least for
me, even after all these
years, I always have to
hover over one of these
buttons to remember which one
was which so it became
obvious that some of these
things are much better suited
just to live in menus
and just to be options
in the application or shortcuts
that people know by heart.
So that helped us a
lot clean up the UI,
realizing that all of those
things were a lit of
a, a little bit of
a tradition. And it was
a tradition based on, on
fads of the nineties. Not
really, not really grounded on
usability or not really grounded
on actually watching people develop
software, use the software. So
we spent about a year
really designing and prototyping and,
and rewriting over and over.
We threw out a lot
of prototypes. We threw out
a lot of code, but
the end result I think
is very pretty it's it's
it's feels, it feels fresh.
It's it's much faster. We
killed the, we sacrificed a
lot of, a lot of
code that, that, that we
had built over the years
with a lot of love,
but it had to be,
it had to be remoted.
It didn't make any sense.
What is the relationship then
between mano develop in Xamarin
studio? So we have ups.
So Xamarin studio is at
this point is, is based
on the mana develop core.
So we take the official
amount of develop source code,
and we add the extensions
for doing iOS, Android, and
Mac development, plus our components
store, which I haven't really
talked about yet, but, but
it is essentially built on
top of the open source
one. Now we developed all
of these enhancements in private
for a year. We prototype
privately for a year. And
at the time of the
launch, we merged all of
our fixes upstream with Manav
develops. So the open source,
one of the has everything
that we did, all of
the new UI, all of
the new redesign is there.
The only thing that it
doesn't have is the branding
it's called mana develop instead
of Xamarin studio. And it
doesn't have the, the component
store or the iOS and
Android pieces. When, when companies
like yours kind of straddle
the open source and paid
software kind of world, I
could see someone reacting to
this and saying, Oh, you
know, monitor develops dead long
live model develop. Or they
would say, Oh, well, your,
you know, your license is
a thousand dollars. Now, what
about poor, little me, how
are you going to kind
of straddle the, the opensource
love that Xamarin gives to
everything and the, you know,
and all of that with
the, you know, you guys
need to make some money.
Yeah. So there was a
little bit of, of the
first one when we launched,
because people thought that we
had completely Fort Mont developed.
So we quickly weekly address
that question. And it really
helped that the people in
the Linux community and the
Debby and community actually packaged
monitor develop within 24 hours.
So within 24 hours, we
had Debbie and, and a
bone, two packages with the
latest and greatest. So when
you run one of development,
Linux and Ubuntu, you would
get the same experience that
you get on Mac and
windows without the branding, right.
Or without the other, Adam's
the iOS and Android one.
So it was, so at
least that one was an
easy question to answer. We're
contributing upstream. We all the
changes upstream. And the w
at this point, we're continuing
all the work in the
open now that we had
our chances of prototyping and
designing and, and cleaning up
the ADE. The second piece
is the second piece. It
is, it is actually very
interesting because since we've been
working on a, to me,
it's very interesting because I
spent a decade or more
than a decade actually holding
mites a lot more. So
20 years is that 20
years. Oh, you have 20
years in opensource. So I've
been doing open source for
20 years. And, and it
was about 20 years ago
that I stopped using those
machines and windows and switch
completely to Unix. And, and
I stayed with Joe Nixon with
Linux up until about a
year and a half ago
in those communities. And when
we launched the hammer and
it's a company that delivers,
you know, tools for building
iOS and Android apps on
windows and Mac. So we've
not really been interacting with
Linux community very much. And
it was very surprising for
me. And I guess to
you, this is, this is
what you see every day,
but it was very surprising
to me to see a
completely different side of developers
on Linux. It would be
unheard of to sell software.
It's almost a hurt off
for people to try and
sell software. And I think
that the moment that you
tried to sell something, somebody,
somebody rewrites it from scratches
up and source, but in
the proprietor world, in the
windows and Mac world, it
was fascinating to me to
see people willing, to pay
for software, to get features.
And, and it's been a
little bit of a shock
after spending 12 years out
in the wild or in
the wilderness. That is, that
is open source. Well, a
small, small side discussion. If
Linux people won't pay for
software, how are they paying
the rent? Like, what is
it that they're building? If,
if, if everyone refused to
pay for anything, they only
pay for services. They only
pay for help. Aye. It's
what are they doing all
day? I, I don't really,
I don't really know. I
mean, I think that they
do services. I think that
there's a culture of it's
okay to pay for services
and updates, but not to
charge for software, obviously red
hat and SUSE. They have
made a business of selling
of selling services and support.
But as a software programmer,
you know, we tried, we
tried making the software would
trick to make software companies
on pure open source work
on Linux for many years.
And, and we failed at
my previous company with Demian.
It was very difficult to
get people to pay for
free software. And, and I
guess it shouldn't have really
surprised anyone, but those were
the roaring two thousands when
a Linux was going to
take over world. And, and
it became very clear that
he was only a few
people that were in a
position to actually monetize open
source. You have to be
a big company like, like
red hat or Novell, but
the majority of the small
guys could really only make
money out of services, which
is fine services and support.
But as a software developer,
it's a little bit demoralizing
because I, when I write
software, when I create things,
I want to shape things.
I want to design software.
And, and that's not something
that the Linux community likes
to pay for. So, so
as a software developer, he
was a little bit of
a bummer that, that your
work is not considered something
worth paying for compared to
maintenance and consulting. So in
the private world, you kind
of have those two options.
If you like consulting and
support, you can do that.
Or if you want to
sell a software, you can
do that. And I know
this is all very basic
to your listeners, but the
No, no. It's interesting to
understand because, you know, I
think this may be simplistic
way of looking at it,
but ultimately you pay for
value. And I'm always amazed
in all things like this.
I don't want to like
turn the whole podcast into
a pricing discussion, but like
I was talking to a
professional developer and he's going
to buy a new laptop.
And I was telling him
that I thought he should
stretch a little bit. He
should pay a little bit
more than, you know, and
he was like, well, he
was looking for a laptop
around seven or $800. And
I said, you know, for
1300, you're going to get
$500 more, but you're going
to get 10 times a
laptop. And we went kind
of around and around about,
about that. And I was
just thinking to myself, even
if the laptop lasted two
years, which is, you know,
pretty short lifetime for a
laptop, and you're looking at
about a dollar a day,
80 cents a day, and you're
going to have a piece.
You can just, you're going
to have joy just every
possible second. You know what
I'm saying? And like the
middle, I think the middle
skew of Xamarin studio is
like a grant. And I
could totally see people saying,
you know, I'm a poor
student. I can't possibly pay
a thousand dollars or even
an enterprise saying, Oh, we're
a poor enterprise. I can't
possibly pay a thousand dollars.
But then I'm thinking, you
know, for $3 a day,
you're going to get this
amazing. You're going to be
sitting on the shoulders of
giants who have been working
on this forever and you
pay for value, but it
sounds like you've actually got
an Indi, an indie version
of this and a starter
version. What are those? Yeah,
we've got a couple of
options. So first off We
also offer a student discount.
So students get the, the,
they get it all right
for, for almost nothing. But
we have a starter edition
that that is free to
use. It has a few
limitations. Like it has a
limitation on the size of
your program. So you can
build a really large ops.
And so, but you get
to use everything for free.
The second one is the
Indi that removes that restriction.
So there's no on what
you can use at that
point or how big your
applications can be. So we
figured that the starter was
a good way of striking
a balance between a lot
of people that came to
us and said, I want
to learn the platform. I
wouldn't learn iOS and want
to learn Android and, and,
and having a four pay
product. So we addressed that
particular segment of the population.
There's still a lot of
people that say it should
be free for open source,
but that's a little bit
trickier, right? Because they say,
well, if I open source
my projects, should I get
a refund? You know, things
like that. So, so we
didn't really address those scenarios.
We get a lot of
creative suggestions as to when
we should charge and what
we should not charge for
open source. And, and I
don't think we've come up
with a solution if one
day we find something that
works. We'll, we'll definitely do
it. I mean, my heart
is still very much with
the open source community, but,
but it just happens that
my heart lends to live
at more towards the size
of a, of paying my
amazing engineers through to create
the beautiful software. So we'll
have to wait on that
a little bit. It's funny
how people are sometimes apologetic
about making money. You know,
it's just like, Oh gosh,
you know, I'm really sorry.
I kinda, you know, I
have to charge cause I
have to eat. Yeah. Yeah.
But you know, you're right
about this thing, about the
laptop and buying yourself a
lap. The by see, I
mean, as a software developer,
probably one of the best
investments, I think that there
are two big investments that
you should make. If you're
writing software. One is the,
well, three, one is getting
good at hardware. And the
second one is getting a
good chair. You know, it
will do wonders for your
back and your hands. And
the third one is the
learn to touch type. No,
that's, that's amazing that you
said that because I'm always
talking about, you know, chair
bed, these are all things.
You, you, you, you spend
a third of your life
sitting on your chair. It
should be an awesome chair.
You spent a third of
your life sleeping. It should
be totally, you know, an
Epic bed. Yeah. For goodness
sake, don't waste money on
a, on a lousy mattress.
But then yesterday I was
teaching at this university. I
did a guest lecture at
Oregon Institute of technology. And
for some reason, the conversation
turned into typing and about
the idea of being IO
bound. And it was like,
you know, I can't imagine
how many people are completely
IO bound that they're not,
you know, their brain has
solved the problem, but they're
just waiting for their fingers
to like finish buffering. Yeah,
absolutely. And I think I'm
a good typist they do
about, I can do sustained
about 80 words per minute.
If I'm lucky, I'll do
a hundred, but net Friedman,
he can sustain 120. And
when he gets lucky, I've
seen the guy do 170.
It is ridiculous. I could
not believe my eyes and
just spent, you know, it
really, it is an issue
of bandwidth is the tool
that you use every day.
And it limits what you
do when you're writing code
of like, it's very obvious
to me when you see
somebody writing code that a
fast typist has no problem
documenting what he did. Right.
He adds comments explains the
problem because to him is
just a fraction of a
second to go and write
all of this stuff. Well,
people that don't touch that
they tend to be the
ones that come up with
weird reasons. Like, well, I'll
document it when it's finished.
I'll document it. When the
AP is complete, I'm still
gonna make some changes. I'm
not there I'm undocumented. So
it does, it's not only
a bandwidth issue. It really
changes the way that you
develop software and the things
that you can do. And
in my opinion, if you're
not documenting what you do,
you're wasting, you know, you're
wasting your time. People don't
have a way of finding
or understanding what you did.
Yeah. Yeah. I actually, I
wanted to come back to
the product. So this is
always so fun. We should
have like three podcasts here,
but I wanted to understand
how you pulled this off.
And I'm looking at the
way that Xamarin studio is
kind of looking at the
screenshots and stuff. And it
looks to me like, I,
I need a Mac and
I don't need a Mac.
Like I don't need a
Mac to write the code,
but to run it, it
looks like you kind of
attached to a remote running
process. And, and they're not
gonna VNC into a, an
iOS simulator on some Mac
so that I could have
a farm of max that
might people could all kind
of attach to. Right. So
the, so the issue with
the, yeah, so this is
a visual studio at U
S product. The Apple makes
it very clear that if
you want to develop iOS
applications, you need to use
a Mac. It is part
of their agreement. So we
just happened to, to follow
the rules that Apple has
set. So one developer, one
Mac, the second piece is
that there are a number
of things that need to,
you need the Mac to
do a code, sign your
application, run the simulator, run
the ex-co designer. So, so
you still need a Mac
to do some of those
operations because we just don't
have today a designer. And,
and I don't think we'll
ever have our own simulator.
I don't think we're going
to simulate iOS ourselves. So
you want to use the
iOS simulator, which makes it
a lot simpler to, to
build and test your application
quickly. When I was building
my own Twitter client, the
one with the chicken noises,
it is probably the only
Twitter client with chicken noises.
I did most of the
work on the simulator. I,
I barely had the user
device. You only use the
device when you to try
test the camera and, and
there's geolocation. But other than
that, you don't really need
to deploy to the device.
And it's so much faster
to just target the simulator.
You know, you a big
fat core duo. Whatever's the
latest mega her get her
thing on your desk versus
the, this a 10 little
device where you have to
upload the software and run
it there. So, so the
development experience is such just
so much better to, to
have it running or your
Mac then then deployed to
device in my opinion. So
what is the experience I'm
sitting in visual studio, I'm
writing C sharp code. I
hit  and then how
does it show up on
an iPhone? So it depends
on the configuration that you
have. So just like in
visual studio where you have
the bug and release, you
can have a debug and
release to simulator and debug
and release to device. So
if you choose a debug
or release on device, when
you hit a five, it
compiles the application, deploys it
on your iPhone and your
iPhone launches the app. And
if you have break points,
it will break into visual
studio. And you'll single step
from there. If you're using
the simulator, there are two
scenarios. One is you have
your machines side-by-side so you
have your Mac and your
visual studio machines. Side-by-side two
monitors. So the simulator will
pop up on the other
monitor. The other scenario is
you're using virtualization. So you're
running windows in a VM.
And, and when, when you
start the application, we, we
send the simulator to the
foreground and we hit it.
We hit a break point.
We sent visual studio and,
and your VMware configuration to
the foreground. So it, I,
I personally would go with
that path, a single machine
and Mac and virtualized windows.
That's probably the best, but
I understand that some people
might have some beefed up
Dell computers with, I don't
know how many 32 CPS,
and they might want to,
to take advantage of that.
So, so it's just my
personal choice. I do everything
on a laptop, so I
would use virtualization, but some
of our guys use a
lift up machines and just
to displace. So I've got
choices though. I mean, I
could do this with lots
of VMs or I could
have, I can have a
Mac somewhere else. Yeah, exactly.
Huh. So it's as if
it's a, like, I think
about it in the context
of web development where I've
got different targeted browsers, and
I'm going to just, I'm
going to launch a process,
I'm going to inject my
code into it. And then
I'm going to see it
as it relates on that,
on that simulator. And can
I look at it on
a, on an iPhone five
and an iPhone four and
all those different things. Those
are all settings. I change
in the simulator and it
just works. Yeah, that's right.
So that's the first piece.
You can definitely do it
in a simulator or the
other option is you have
a, you have a little
farm of your devices with
different operating systems, probably more
important for Android because the
Android is still, the majority
of Android devices are running
very old versions of Android
and Apple. They're really good
at updates. And they're amazing
at updates. I think that
most days developers at this
point are just targeting iOS
five and higher. And some
people are just saying,
it's, they've, they've, they've got
a good thing going there.
And do I have to
buy different products for iOS
and Android? Or do I
just buy one thing? Yes.
Do you need to buy
our iOS? Our iOS and
Android products are separate. You
buy them separately, or if
you choose to buy them
both, I think we have
a discount. I don't know
what the discount is, but
you get a bundle discount,
But I guess what I'm
saying is, is Ameron studio
I could use in one
place and then I just
have to add on, or
am I using two different
eddies? Correct? The, the IDE
the IVs, either visual studio,
Xamarin studio. And you add
to either one of them,
the iOS or an Android
features. So when you purchase,
all we do is we
enable the iOS and Android
features on your IDs, but
the idea is the same.
Okay. Okay. And we, we,
I had talked to you
kind of privately about portable
libraries, this idea that you
could share lots and lots
of code. And I know
that recently, I think there's
a prerelease of HTTP client
so that you could make
calls from portable libraries. Now,
does that work in, in
Xamarin? Yeah, so we actually
have HDB. We wrote our
own HDB client. So, so
both our iOS and Android
versions do have that. So
we don't need the PCL
version. We already have it,
but there's a lot of,
there's a tremendous amount of
value in the portable class
libraries. So we've been working
with some of, of your
team members at Microsoft. They've
been absolutely amazing at answering
every small little question that
we've had about how PCL
actually works. And I'm happy
to report that, that just
this week, we're doing the
integration work here in the
Boston office to get portable
class libraries into all of
our products. It's been a
long, it's been a long
road because I started not
really knowing very much about
PCL, but really thank you
to the guys at Microsoft.
We're going to have full
support for PCLs and you'll
be able to show the
same PCL on iOS, Android,
desktop Mac, and all of
the visual studio products that
you guys support. What, And
those guys do if they're
listening or what could the
community do to, to support
portable libraries more? Cause, I
mean, I think portable library
is just a killer feature.
Just the idea that I
could. I mean, just now
I'm kind of visualizing like
my little startup, my theoretical
startup, and I've got everything
loaded up in visual studio
and I've gotten my windows,
phone windows, eight, Android iOS,
and I'm sharing 70, 80%
of my code and a
PCL that seems like, perfect.
What could they do to
improve it? Yeah, there's one
particular profile one, or I
don't remember which one, which
number is these profiles are
numbered based on the, on
the target platforms that you
want to aim for. And
I remember the number, but
there's one that is, that
will give you the most
coverage across all platforms. So
what you need to do
is build portable class libraries
that target that particular profile
from where we stand, we
pride ourselves in having a
super set of all of
these things. So, so monitor
and monitor really won't be
the reasons why you have
to downgrade in your PCL
support. So it's a matter
of just making that one,
I'll get back to you
on which one is a
preferred profile. I had a
discussion with, with the team
in the, in the BCR
runtime. And, and it can
remember which one was the
one that we said, this
is a good one. Yeah.
I think it would be.
I just think we as
a community should keep putting
pressure on them because that's,
that's what we want. You
know what I mean? We
want to be able to
share as much as cold
as possible. Like I had
the guys from, was it
stick, draw a stick, man.
They're sharing just a ridiculous
amount of code. I mean,
it totally blew me away.
Yeah. It was interesting. And
they also, they're also using
XMA for their game, which
I thought was very interesting.
I have to have to
say for all these years,
XMA is a word that
wasn't my periphery, but I
never really understood what it
was. And I knew that
was associated with games and
it's some kind of gaming
thing, but that was it.
And, and it wasn't until
I saw the Kitson guys
talk about, draw a stigma
that I actually understood what
extend they was. So the
girl that was really interesting.
So we should do something
to help those guys be
monitored. Yeah. Motto game, I
think is what makes it
happen. That's the amazing thing
underneath there. Yeah. And that's
funny because I've been helping
the Monarch game guys without
really knowing what mono game
did. So, so they can
say, can you help us
with this and release notes
and promotions? Like, yeah, sure.
I just don't know what
it does yet, but now
I do. Now I do.
I do. So what is
the store? You said that
you had a story, you
hadn't talked much about it.
All right. So, so, so
the one thing that that
happens is that when mobile
developers get started, they give
you a ride, your hello
world application, you're first bought
the navigation and you're kind
of proud of it. And
when it comes time to
spice up your application and
you compare your mobile app
with what the professionals are
doing, it, it feels a
little bit lacking. It feels
a little bit lacking. So
this seems like a very
natural fit for dot net's,
a strong component system and
strong component idioms to do
deliver third party components. And
it is in a way
there's two things that we're
doing with our components. One
of them are components in
the sense of, of being
libraries that you can reuse
very much like nugget. And
I'll explain the difference with
nugget in a second, but
the second piece are themes.
So what happens is that
when, when you build application,
you're very proud of your
application. You show it to
your friends and they're not
that impressed. Your buttons are
white. The, the style is
okay, but the bar for
the user interface bar is
very high. Now people expect
a lot of quality, a
lot of, a lot of
attention to detail and applications.
And that takes a lot
of time. Somebody that is
just building software or there's
an expert, a software developer
and a craftsman is not
necessarily a great artist. So
the, so the distance that
people have to travel from
getting started with iOS and
Android, building the replication and
then making it a great
application as opposed to, yeah,
I got an iOS app
it's as long as it's
like a website just started
with a, with a simple
website and then to make
it a great website, you
have to spend a ton
of time on, on styling
it and making sure that
it looks great and feels
great. So while we wanted
to do was to make
it very easy for people
to style their applications. So
we work with, we work
with a design company called
app design fault. They're great
designers. And what we did
is that we turned her
designs into, into essentially a
method goal. So in your
secret code, you just invoke
one method and it styles
your entire application with a
particular theme. So, so you
can give it a leathery
theme or you can give
it a flat theme. So
the application goes from is
very boring, very flat, very
unprofessional look to do a
high quality app with a
single call. So we really
liked that. I mean, I
really am very proud of
the work that we did
with themes because it's not
very technologically advanced. It's not,
it's not compilers, it's not
a jet engine, but it
makes a big difference and
turning your, your app into
something that looks very polished.
And I would say that
it's even better than, than
doing it on the web.
Because with the web, you
have to mass, you have
to change styles and redo
your templates and your CSS
and go and patch things
left. And right, this is
a iOS has a good
foundation and I don't have
a good foundation for theming
and, and we can theme
the app with a single
call. So I think we're
the first ones that productized
the theming and this way
for iOS. And I'm very
excited about, I mean, I
made my crappy little demos
look gorgeous. I mean, it
seems, I even look professional
when I, when I think
my abs this way, and
it's just one call away.
And with what, with respect
to the two other people
who have tried theming, things
like this, like, like jQuery
mobile, like they push that
theme thing a lot, but
it's mostly just colors with
your stuff. It really is
like a whole person. It's
almost like a personality might
be even a better word
than a theme. Yeah. And,
and it's also, and we
understand that some people, when
I have a, for example,
one thing for the, but
they one settings to be
a different theme. So, so
we provide you enough tools
that you can do that.
If you just use the
default, you'll get everything styled,
but you can certainly have
different parts of your application
style differently. So one thing
that people tend to do
is settings just lighter colors
while the application is dark,
right? So your app is
entirely dark. And when you
go to settings, it's all
very clear, right? So, so
we, so we do provide
that. So we're very, very
happy with this. It looks
very professional, very cool. Even
my software, It looks good.
People can check this out@xamarin.com
and I would really encourage
people. This is just me
talking to click on tour
and then how it works.
I think that of all
the pages on your site,
that is the best one,
it's a great page. I
would put that up front
and center. It shows before
and after it shows objective
C versus C sharp. I
mean, it, it even I'd
arguably makes the argument. It
makes the argument basically that
C sharp is just better
than objective C for, for
being expressive. Maybe it's just
the demo, the examples that
you picked, but man, it
sure is attractive to see
it side by side like
that. Yeah, actually that is
one of my babies. I
really enjoy. I really enjoy
what you can do with
C sharp in this particular
page that you're talking about.
We turned some fairly nasty,
fairly nasty APS and very
simple uses using default parameters,
named parameters C sharp constructors,
which turned a fairly ugly
low level C property fetching
and do clean C-sharp property.
So that's one of the
things that we're very proud
of. We, we turned this
a low level API into
a clean nice seizure API
and, and you know, as
much as I love C
sharp, you know, the extra
guys that really are not,
they're really on a, they're
kind of on a, on
a warpath to show that
even if we can make
the code smaller with C
sharp than the original objective
C, they can, they can
kill another 50% of the,
of your app so they
can make it 50% smaller.
So I'm really enjoying to
see what the extra guys
are doing here would mobile
apps. They're very motivated and,
and they're really big. And
just showing that a fraction
of the code in F
sharp actually looks nicer. So
we're actually working with them
to make sure that that
F sharp makes it into
all of these products. Very
cool. Well, I am actually
in the process of using
the Xamarin universal installer right
now, and it is installing
Android at this moment. So
thanks so much for, for
chatting with me today. Well,
thank you, Scott. The, with
a pleasure. All right. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week. .